Fixed broken links to our Patch Upgrade doc (#207)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/README.md

* [Using Kibana](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/monitor/kibana-logging/)
* [Using kubectl](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/troubleshoot/kubectl/)
* [Pulling Postgres Credentials](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/customize-airflow/access-airflow-database/)

> * [Upgrading](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/upgrade-patch/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Upgrade to a Patch Version of Astronomer Enterprise](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/upgrade-patch/)
```
